(video game music)
- As we're working on things,
you make several branches for quick fixes,
features, and they tend to hang around for a while.
So how would you get rid of all extra branches
but still keep the main branch?
I'll give you a couple seconds to think
about how you would do something like this.
(video game music)
All right.
So the trick that I'm going to show you is really applicable.
If you want to do things to a series of branches.
So what I can do here is essentially
use Unix tricks to do something sequentially
to a number of different branches.
right now, if I do a good branch, you'll see
that I have a lot of, sort of weird, other files, right?
The nice thing about doing a good branch is
that it kind of gives 'em
to you in a little list right here.
So I can take advantage of that fact to sort of
modify something as we go through that list of things.
I'm going to say I'm going to issue a good branch command
and then I'm going to use the pipe character.
And this will work in Linux.
In Linux, you can take the output
of a command and then feed it to a separate command.
So now I can say I want to grep.
That means, look through my files.
And -V will exclude something from that list.
So I'm going to say exclude the main file
or maybe the master branch
if you're using like an older version of things.
So it's going to take that list
and give you all of the items that are not the main branch.
You can see the list here is a little bit shorter.
So now I can pipe that to another command if I want to.
I'm going to hit the pipe character
which is like a vertical line.
Then here I can do xargs,
which will go through the list
of things that I just generated with this grab command.
Then I can say, get branch -D.
So it's going to go through each of those branches
and then apply a git branch minus D command to each of them
which will delete any of those other branches as well.
So let's check it out, want to hit return.
And it says it deleted.
And then each of the branches that I created
so now I'll clear this out and if I do get branch
you'll see that I only have my main branch.
The point here is that you can use the power
of Linux to do something like this.
And this last command doesn't need to be a deletion.
It could be maybe that you need to add
say in some of your other branches, you want to bring
in the new versions of Bootstrap, you know, so you could
instead of issuing this delete command here
you can actually include whatever you want.
This is a great way to go through a list
of branches and perform some functionality
that you want done to every one of them.
It's a good thing to know that you can always
use Unix tricks within any of your git projects.